The purpose of this video is to show
you how to run Python programs.
Here's a very simple Python program.
In fact, it is so simple we can run it
in our IPython console like we used to.
As you can see it prints hello,
World and that's all.
Most Python programs you
cannot run this way.
You cannot run them in IPython console.
So let me show you how to do that.
First of all,
I'm going to shrink Spyder to half window.
I'm going to go to Spotlight, and
I'm going to type in terminal.
And that brings up a terminal window.
The next thing that I have to do is to
go to the current working directory.
I highlight it, type Cmd+C.
Then I go back over here to the terminal.
And I type cd space Cmd+V,
to paste it into the command.
And then I press Return and I'm there.
You can check that you're there by
typing pwd, print working directory, and
you can see it.
You can make sure that hello, the program
that we're going to run, is in there.
By typing, ls hello*.py,
that'll print all Python
programs that begin in hello.
For those of you that had to create
an environment you need to change
that environment right now.
So you type source activate and
the name of your Python three environment.
Mine is named python36, yours is
probably named something different.
For those of you that didn't have
to create an environment for
Python three you don't do this step.
Now we type python hello.py and
run the program.
And there you see it ran hello, World.
Previously we had typed our
work into the Editor and
we would type changes to our program.
And then we'd run them down
here in the IPython console.
We're going to change that slightly.
We'll still type our work into the Editor,
but
when we run it we're going to
run it over in the terminal.
Let me show you how to do that.
I'm going to make
a change to this program.
Print Goodbye.
I save the change, that's critical.
Then I go over here and
I can press up arrow to call back
that last command and run it.
And you can see that goodbye
is now being printed.
Now for the rest of this course we're
going to write an occasional Python
program.
And we'll have to run it this way.
I have an older version of
Spyder that provides me
with a terminal right down in this area.
I'm going to use that for
the rest of the course.
You may or may not be able to do that.
I'm using an older version to
record the rest of the video so
that I have that convenience.